How to brush your teeth:

Pick up your toothpaste container with your non dominant hand.
Unscrew the cap of the toothpaste container with your dominant hand.
Place the cap down.
With your dominant hand, pick up your toothbrush by the handle with the bristols pointing up.
Gently squeeze the toothpaste out of the toothpaste container onto the bristols of your toothbrush until the toothpaste covers majorly top of the bristols.
Put the toothpaste container down.
Open your mouth.
Place toothpaste on the your tooth brush against your teeth.
Start moving toothbrush so the bristols brush against your teeth.
Iterate the motion over all the exposed surfaces of your teeth for next 2 minutes.
Move the bristols to the top surface of your tongue and start moving the bristols on the expose top surface of your tongue.
Remove the brush from your mouth.
Turn on the cold water on the sink.
Place the toothbrush bristols under the running water for 10 seconds.
Move the toothbrush back and forth under the running water for 5 seconds.
Put the toothbrush down.
Fill a cup half way with water.
Drink from the cup but do not swallow.
Keep your mouth closed and swoosh the water around your mouth.
Open your mouth slightly and spit the liquid out of your mouth into the sink.
Repeat the last 3 steps.
Turn off the cold water
Pick up the toothpaste container in one hand and toothpaste cap in the other.
Screw the cap back on the top of the toothpaste container's opening until it will not turn anymore.
Put down the toothpaste container.

---------------Previous------------------------------
Acquire LiquidWasteReceptacle -- details TBD
Acquire a toothbrush	-- details TBD
Apply toothpaste to (the toothbrush we just acquired)
Acquire toothpaste tube -- details TBD
Pick up your toothbrush
Pick up your toothpaste
Unscrew the top
Align the bristles with the opening of the tube
Make sure the bristles are pointing up
Make sure that the toothbrush is below the toothpaste
Gently squeeze a small amount of the toothpaste onto the toothbrush
	"small" -- the same size as the length and width of the bristles
Put the cap back on the toothpaste
Put the toothpaste tube down
Open mouth
Place the toothpaste that is on the bristles against your teeth
Move the toothbrush back and forth horizontally on the teeth
Iterate motion over all the (exposed surfaces of the) teeth for two minutes
Brush the tongue until you gag
Remove toothbrush from your mouth
Rinse the toothpaste out of your mouth and into the LiquidWasteReceptacle
